Update for minio RELEASE.2023-02-09T05-16-53Z (#732)
minio/docs: source/includes/linux/common-installation.rst

server processes connect and synchronize. These warnings are typically 
transient and should resolve as the deployment comes online.

.. versionchanged:: RELEASE.2023-02-09T05-16-53Z

>    Some drives may be offline when you start MinIO.
>    Enough drives must be online at start to achieve :ref:`write quorum <minio-ec-parity>` for the deployment.

Reviewer: I think we could possibly merge these two:

```suggestion
MinIO starts once it detects enough drives to meet the :ref:`write quorum <minio-ec-parity>` for the deployment.
If any drives remain offline after starting MinIO, check and cure any issues blocking their functionality before starting production workloads.
```

Author: Your 301 suggestion implies that MinIO waits around until there are enough drives. THat's not it. It errors out.
Swapping `once` for `if` and otherwise taking your suggested edits.

Reviewer: Ah yes wording sometimes i am good at it and sometimes i am not.

Thanks :D
